Hello and welcome to this tutorial
on the UK Connected
and Automated Mobility Roadmap to 2030.
CAM creators update
In this tutorial,
I'll explain how to use the roadmap
outlining some of the key features
along the way.
As we can see, we're in the home view here
and we've got our toolbar along the left
through which we can go
to the different views of the roadmap.
Let's jump into the high level overview.
Now, this is the most condensed
version of the roadmap providing
an overview of the key activities
that need to happen between now and 2030.
We've got our themes and streams
of the roadmap along the left here,
and we've got a timeline between now
and 2030.
Now, in the body of the view
here, we've got our one page groups
and these represent collections
of related milestones.
And to see these milestones, all we need
to do is click on one of these groups
and the related milestones will open here
to return back to The View.
All I need to do
is just click back on this icon.
Now let's jump into the full roadmap
to 2030 view,
and this displays
all of the milestones of the roadmap.
We've got the same structure
as the high level overview with our themes
and streams on the left and
also our timeline along the bottom here.
And we've got a scrollable view here.
And one of the things that you'll notice
is the colors
over in this view,
we've got all red, amber and green
rag progress statuses is what these,
these colors represent.
So they represent the progress
of these activities, these milestones.
And you'll see the key for those colors
in the top here.
Now, there are a number of ways
to reduce activities down to those
that are most relevant.
One of the first things we can do
is click on an orienting milestone.
So let's just find this one here
so we can click on this one here.
This one is called Defined Communications
for new schemes.
And by clicking on this one,
we can see the related milestones
and also the relationships that
One of the other
ways that we can reduce down activities.
So as part of this new update,
we've got this search functionality here
which searches across the name
and description information
of these milestones.
So let's say
I'm interested in data formats.
As you see
as I’m typing,
the milestones will reduce down
and let's go through to date formats.
And now this is the milestone
that I'm interested in.
So I want to find out
more about this milestone.
So what I need to do is right
click, click, open Item
and the global panel for this
milestone will open here.
And the first panel
you see is an attributes
panel which will provide some information
about this milestone.
So we've got an ID description, details
of themed stream start and end dates.
We've got the panel for relationships
for this milestone and also panel for
is text.
Now as part of the new
update, we've got two new panels here,
the first of which is this progress panel.
So we've got an overall ranked progress
status of green in progress
to complete on time.
And then we've got a selection
of underlying evidence points
that underlie that overall rank
progress status so that you can explore.
Now the second new panel here
is this contributions panel,
which details those active contributions
towards the delivery of this activity
and also details
those expressions of future interest
from organisations
that are keen to get involved
in the delivery of this activity
going forward.
And here we really begin
to see where we can identify
opportunities is within the roadmap.
We can we can find out
what people are already contributing.
We can find out information
through the links,
we can find out more through the website,
and we can also get in touch
by the contact information that we can
find out who's who's already involved
and how in what capacity.
And we can also find out
those organisations
who are keen to get involved as well.
And we've got, again, websites and contact
information that we can really start
to identify opportunities
through this panel.
Now, there are some other ways
to reduce down to relevant activities here
so we can return back to the view here
if we want to reduce down
to a particular stream of interest,
let's say licensing, and you see
if we can click on this panel here
and the roadmap will reduce down to only
those activities within this stream.
Now let's return back to the view
now one of the key features with
this update is the update to the tagging.
So we'll see.
There's a blue overlay here
that points to this tagging module
and I'm just going to exit
that here for now.
And we've got some groups here
we could all tag.
So over 60 new tags have been mapped
across the roadmap data.
As part of this release.
We've got two golden threads
that were featured in the version
one release of the roadmap
and then we've also got tags for
can create to organisations
that have been involved in this update.
So we can expand these groups
by clicking on the arrow here.
Let's jump in and give a bit of a demo
as to how these work.
So let's say I want to find out about data
related activity.
Within this view.
I can click on data here and the view
will reduce down to those activities.
So reduce
down to those activities
related to data here,
but we can also do that
across multiple tags.
So we can do that with safety as well.
So let's keep data on.
We can also click safety there.
And at the moment we've got
data or safety,
but we can also do data around safety.
So where those tags overlap,
we can also do this across different
tagging groups.
So let's say I want to find out
where the National Physical Laboratory
are involved in sensors.
Let's find that.
So we've got all our toggle on and there
so this is what the National Physical
Laboratory have contributed
to contribute the data
towards those activities
where they are contributing
to activity in sensors there.
Now let's return
back to the full road map view here
and let's jump to the next view.
So this is our CAM created view
for these organisations.
These can create two organisations that
are involved in this release.
So as you can see, you can scroll down
and you can see all the organisations
that are involved here,
and we can click on an organisation
to open up the global panel
and you'll find some information
about the organisation.
It's name and description.
Also some contacts, information, website,
an email address
and they also panel here to point
you back to the previous view to find out
where that organisation is involved.
Now, with the help
of the powerful tagging functionality
that comes with this update, you can now
see which organisations are involved
in which topics across the roadmap.
So let's say I want to find out who's
involved in standards related activity.
I can click on Standard here
and it will reduce down.
We can also do that over multiple tags.
So standards and communications.
Oh, let's flip that over to all.
So we've got communications
and standards over there and
then we can do that for four and as well.
And that will reduce those
organisations down to such.
Now let's jump to this last few here.
So maybe you've got some suggestions
for new activities within the roadmap.
And if we click on this button here,
this will open up a new form
where you can propose activities
for the roadmap so it can provide a name
for your proposed activity.
You can suggest a stream or where
it should sit under a stream or where
it should sit under a one page, a group.
If you want to be more specific,
also provide a description
of your activity, start and end date.
What this activity would depend upon
which activity is already
existing within the roadmap
and what this activity would enable.
And for these fields here, we need
to provide the IDs of those activities.
So if you rewind the video, we can
you can see in the global panel
where to find the external
IP that you need to quote.
And in this last field here,
we can provide some
some detail, some justification
as to why you think this activity
should be added to the roadmap.
Maybe there's a particular gap
you think this activity would address
or maybe you think it should replace
another activity.
We'd love to hear
your thoughts around that.
So we're turning back to The View here.
Perhaps you'd like to become a CAM Creator,
as these organisations
have that I've just showcased there.
So if we click here,
this will take us through to our website
where you can fill in the form
to become a CAM Creator.
We've got some general information,
questions about your organisation
and then some data collection, questions
about the roadmap activities themselves.
And we've got some examples there
to help you to fill in the form.
And if you've got any other feedback
or questions,
please do drop us
an email at info@zenzic.io
and if you've spotted a mistake as well,
please drop us an email as well.
We'd love to hear from you.
Thank you very much
for watching this tutorial.
I hope it's been helpful
and we hope that you're able
to find opportunities
for your organisation through the roadmap.